Love the food here.  Old school, but that's what I like/
Come for the tasty pasta, stay for the excellent service and homey vibes.
Pizza is awesome. The crust is cooked to perfection.

The hoagies are really good as well.

Fried zucchini is delicious. You actually get zucchini:
Excellent hot sausage sandwich - fresh - flavorful - large - meat  filled the bun - Not the normal " where's the beef "? Quick and friendly service- Recommend without hesitation.
Food was bland, tasteless. I think the restaurant cooks need to be taught what garlic is. Service was good, staff was nice. Food was very bland. I can make the same food by putting pasta on the stove and putting nothing on it- that's basically what the food tasted like. I don't understand that 4.5 rating for this restaurant.
Horrible worst food I have had in years ..do they know to season the dishes here..meatballs taste like plain  ground meat,,the Alfredo taste like hot milk ..place is horrible
I ordered a veggie calzone and my husband ordered a steak calzone. We were both so disappointed as both were so bland with barely any flavor - for $36 for 2 calzones (no marinara sauce came with it), I was expecting A LOT more.
The food is great!! Service is absolutely terrible!! The owner is a jerk that doesn't correct the problem and has a terrible attitude! He also adds an extra fee for using debit cards which is not noticed until days later. I used to go here frequently but after service with an attitude I'll spend my money elsewhere!!
2nd time our take out order was given to someone else.  2nd time I said forget it and the manager had the nerve to raise his voice at me saying it's only 5 or 6 minutes for him to make it.  no apology.
Food just isn't very good tuffest chicken ever..and way over priced
Excellent food and service!
We drove 40mins, the sign says open; soon we came in they said we close, it’s too cold everybody go home early.
Was at 8.50pm.
I drove far to get here, can I at least to get some pho to go. He said okay.
.
It was the best pho I haven’t had for so long. (I don’t have the picture of the food cause we ate it in the car)
Thank you guys!!!
The service was the worst I’ve ever experienced - the server was literally rude and pushy. The food is not cooked to order, they reheat food so it’s ready in five minutes and they bring you soup, sushi and noodles all together. 
TLDR: Very rude service, almost nonexistent. Food is still decent. Place is often times dirty. We were given our food with no utensils, then our food was spilled on the table and there was mold on the wooden chopsticks. 